Glamorous waves with the tongs
there is thirst
Today I 'm going to teach you how to do this type
of waves with some of custard something
different the curler of love there is to be
of gecko beauty is automatic
has the rotating cable turn off
automatic and temperature adjustment up
210 degrees we pick up the hair and go
to start at the bottom
to make the left side of the hair
we take the pincer with the hand
left and we touch the button inside
that we have to the right we open the
clip we enter the tips and touch the
inside button
we hold about five seconds open
the clamp and ready
when we already have the rite we play the
center button to place the
clamp and we do exactly the same
open the clamp put the tip and
we touch the button on the right of this
all the curls that we have done in
the left part will go out
now to do the right part
we take the pincer with the right hand
and we touch the left button that we
it stays inside we open the pincer and
we touch the button inside
we hope the hair is rolled
hold for a few seconds and ready the curl
it is well marked and you have seen
which is super easy you can do all
the rites towards the same sense or
intercalate the according to the effect that
want to get
we apply a little bit of zero at the tips
to shine a little lacquer
and ready
you can find these tongs in
jacob youtube.com the known ones that you
have seemed to leave your comment
thumbs up subscribe to my channel
Well, but in all the social networks of
the web patrick jordán puntocom I send you
millions and millions of kisses and see you
soon in the next video